The governing body, when they had in mind reformating or redesigning the website, realized
that this was the front door to our organization for many new persons.
The motivation behind making all these adjustments for the new website, primarily we had in
mind to reach as many as possible with the good news of the kingdom.
This is a worldwide organization, the preaching work is being done in all kinds of lands.
The website has helped me to become a better teacher.
Now I'm able to preach to students from the university, including those that speak other languages.
They can use everyday tools such as their cell phones or tablets to choose topics that interest them at the time convenient for them.
I work as a taxi driver and I share the Bible's message by introducing our JW.org site to the passengers.
Young people often have smartphones, so when I tell them our website address, they look it up immediately.
I have interesting conversations with people using recent issues of our magazines.
When they suggest that they download their very own copy, they do it right on the spot.
I wanted to show the video about bullying because it's very good.
I gave my teacher a piece of paper and he said, hmm, maybe we can watch it.
I chose to show the class the video my student recommended because it's a topic relevant to all children.
I think the QR code is a really good way to introduce people to the website.
The fact they can take a shot of the QR code and immediately they can have information in their own language right there is really appealing for them.
I usually take the subway to work and at times I witness to people sitting next to me showing them our website online.
Using the website helps me to enjoy the ministry because it enables me to approach people more freely.
When I'm browsing the website if I find an interesting article for a return visit or a Bible study, I can just send it to them in a link.
We wanted to make it easy to use and appealing so the persons could find out who your harvest witnesses are, what we believe and how they can contact us.
For many years I've had been attending church but I had many questions that I've been unanswered.
So I decided to search on the internet for my answers and I ended up with the jdw.org link.
It was a breath of fresh air, very simple to understand.
Because I'm 78 years old, I didn't think I could use it. I thought it was made for young people.
My grandchildren helped me to use the website.
I can listen to the publications and I can have the text size increased so that I can see it properly.
Now that we've seen the results of this new redesigned website, we can honestly say that it has gone beyond anything that we hope for.
This website is a powerful tool and Jehovah God has blessed us and my question to you would be, are you using it to the full?